c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DataToolBox.exe.config
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DataToolBox.exe
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DataToolBox.pdb
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DynamicInterop.dll
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\RDotNet.dll
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\RDotNet.NativeLibrary.dll
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DynamicInterop.xml
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\RDotNet.xml
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\RDotNet.NativeLibrary.xml
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.Form1.resources
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.exe
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.pdb
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\SharpUpdate.dll
c:\users\trigues\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\SharpUpdate.pdb
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.SFDialog.resources
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.Splitter.resources
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.FileSmasher.resources
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\GitHub\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\bin\Debug\DataToolBox.exe.config
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\GitHub\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.exe
C:\Users\Trigues\Documents\GitHub\DataToolBox\DataToolBox\obj\Debug\DataToolBox.pdb
